As flowers grow in the pasture I can’t help but realize the beauty they equate to. The blinding blissfulness in the sequences throughout each and every pedal bring me a peace of mind. Elegance fills the views abroad, warmth dances in meadows, lights glisten and glow.
Art created by silence fills air, minds, souls; creates emotions, false hope, and tainted expectations. It drowns the darkness that swallows deep within the bowels of despair. It plugs up the drainage of faltering decisions and masks the reality that binds all. Natural beauty rules a world in the life of temptation, curiosity, and redemption. In a life of fear and ice, your voice equates to so much more. Cool breezes feel like heaven, I dare to feel your wrath for I know it will only make us stronger. “Grab my hand, push me down, take the words right out my mouth”, and allow me to play the song of gratitude.Vibrations squeal, shout, yell, yell, yell. They hurt and puncture and give you hell, hell, hell. Tend to throw together terror, tears, and troubled minds. Bringing with them a panic, they intimidate, intimidate, intimidate. Sounds of intimation grasp onto every nerve of the human body. Instincts say that becoming close will bring happiness but that dependence will bring misery. The sound of running sounds so pleasing to the mind, where the world will grow around her and she will become concaved by her own thoughts, the thing she’s always tried to desperately to escape.
Even in the shallowest of hearts, warmth is located near. The blanket provides help, protection, and revelation. Kids forever, take it all together. Pain is beauty, and you make everything beautiful without the pain. Potato head, hide the secrets beneath, come clean the sheets, pretend, protect, and profess. Messes will be made, solutions can clean, but calamity always stains. Push it behind, enjoy the flowers, create with silence, and relish the aforementioned one. Spectacles like dust in the wind blow through hearts, mind, and friends. They travel from kingdom to kingdom in search for a new, while particles grow and build together creating dust, reason becomes trust. Empty minds, charcoaled trebles, melted candles, bounded heart of the djebel. 
